hey guys so I'm back and it's going to
be another outfit of the day for the
back to school um series this is the
outfit of the day number three mmm so I
look like super pale I don't have any
makeup on except for a mascara let's get
started so I'm wearing it it's just a
nude
this blue cardigan over it and it has
gold sunglasses the ones I was telling
you about into rubber 21 haul the gold
rims I have it hanging just cuz i was
like where these now and because i
paired this outfit off my pool juicy
back and so cuz it's at an nua kind of
dress you want to wear like gold for
browns like bring out the color so it's
at and then for the belt black
I paired it off with some black flats
again no calorie because I'll really
work jewelry all that much I don't know
why I just am I really into it I already
say that in all my videos but um that's
it really quick I know it's a really
fast video but if you guys want to see
like any more videos um like outfit of
the day you can give me like like write
me message and say like how do I wear
like a high-waisted skirt or like um
like any like shirt you have an idea
like that you don't know really like how
to wear just let me know um also this
dress isn't really give you body so
that's why I paired it off with a belt
so it gives me more body and I wore the
black belts to make it look more you
know like curvy um yeah and I got the
cardigan at forever 21 and I got this
whole outfit forever 21's it flats it
from there so I don't really know how
much everything is because I got it like
all this stuff i got like early early in
the beginning of the summer and I'm one
lasting what I really like about this
dress because it's want to show you the
back
if that so it looks like really hot and
you don't want to work reckon you don't
have to so yeah that's about it um keep
subscribing and commenting and messaging
it's all um very very very helpful ok so
thanks guys and keep watching